hi hired welcome to this
new video and as we can see there are two
here back in minecraft I do not know she
I had too much that did not upload videos but
well this is all very busy besides
That broke me the computer me
he passed a giant mistake with the computer
As I already told you , I had
decomposed once because now he entered
a virus of this virus virus
and then that same virus made him
installed two then things between them
month and the sony vegas that is with which
edited month installed several programs that
are that to record edit and all this
roll and months install minecraft and
several little things that they had then this one
I had to reinstall everything in
it takes a long time to do this and then
good
in this video we give them bringing the
non-premium server that is the one that I
game that I already had too much desire to
make this this close fight this server
because the truth is very good
revilla this server
since from my land the server is called
helpers then this can be a
large community before but he had
glitches and had to close their
doors so now it's going back to
open them already has I think three months from
that opened and then the truth is very well
has already beginning to enter much
people is a good community and then nothing
let's go through the review so that you
see no
yes
swing
to
d
your dream
nothing
what are you doing there oliver exists in
that take you're doing because you do not
you're going to be cursed is healing my
damn video
sorry
Y
yes
I am
good guys this was the video lamented
that the review not haiga been better
I really wanted to have edited it and
have made it better commented as it should
of being but because the lack of time does not
he is allowing it for now
so then the best you can
bring them is this do not do these little
takes the good from the server in
yes and from there then pass the bag
edit them in a way with music
that epic background and I have everything else not
they saw out there a guy who was
flying that I said there a comment
small than the moderator and if it's a
moderator that is a friend of mine
his name is north and kus good so
as they are called in the minecraft server
this may be the one that gave me the rank
the one who helped in almost every problem
I had on the server, I'm
wearing that I was talking to him
gave information and all the roll all that
information I would have liked
too much to have put it in the video
but then I do not have almost time to
that then then I bring you this
small video and even if it was
review I did not really want to upload this
this video this review I wanted to upload
so that so many who want
enter this server then enter
is too much we have been well is a
server in serious the dark where nothing
only with this has it been able to be more
long
Well nothing this
percent and then it would continue to record
in this attentive server if they want
enter each other and see me there I will be
playing that as sure as I am
playing always I am when not always
I'm recording on the server more than
nothing I'm playing then I get to
see then there we greet a game with
you and everything else is nothing
we will be next
goodbye
what the fuck again you do not have to
you were we have video